Ningqiao Li

General comments:

You are becoming an excellent R coder! Continuing to work on your coding, as well as proper documentation,
will serve you well throughout your professional career. This was a tough project, but you handled it well.
Given more time, I know you would have done even better! I encourage you to keep using R and the
associated tools in your work. You will get better and better at it and will be glad that you stuck with it.
It has been a pleasure having you in the course this semester.

Total score: 75



Reproducibilty: 7

Correctly initiated a repo, established a .gitignore file, and tracked the project, though the tracking descriptions
do not provide any information about each commit. Readme file is sparse and not descriptive for outsiders.

Neatness: 7

A well-formatted project with some appropriate narrative, though this is often embedded in code chunks rather than as
notebook narrative. More documentation would have been helpful. Adherence to the style guide throughout the notebook.
Very clean, readable output.

Functions: 12

Functions work correctly and are sourced in (though would have been better sourced at the top of the notebook).
Arguments and output are not documented.

Data prep: 7

All data read in, but did not check primary keys so did not find bad key in GPA. Removed highest residuals and
joined all files. ID included in Likert scale sum calculation, so all survey data is incorrect.

Graphs: 11

Graphs are attractive, well-labeled, and appropriate for investigating the research questions. No graph to show high
residuals. No graph for third research question.

Descriptive statistics: 15

Descriptive statistics are well-chosen and correct. They are nicely tabled to provide further details about what is
displayed in the graph. Statistics answer the research questions.

Inferential statistics: 13

Inferential statistics are correctely calculated and interpreted. No inferential statistics used for question #2,
though you could have looked at the analysis of variance to determine if there is interaction of GPA and discipline.

Team collaboration: 3

Pull request to master instead of development. Subsequently, could not file notebook that was on development branch.
Productive recommendations included.
